docs: clarify HYPO_INDEX scope in index advisor (#23304)
pingcap/docs: index-advisor.md

## Hypothetical indexes

> In an `EXPLAIN` statement, you can use the `/*+ HYPO_INDEX(...) */` SQL comment syntax to define a hypothetical index for the query planner to consider. This approach enables the Index Advisor to evaluate how the specified index would affect query plans and their estimated costs without physically creating the index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an `EXPLAIN` statement, you can use the `/*+ HYPO_INDEX(...) */` SQL comment syntax to define a hypothetical index for the query planner to consider. This approach enables lightweight experimentation with indexes without the overhead of physically materializing them.
```

> Hypothetical indexes (Hypo Indexes) use the same `/*+ ... */` comment syntax as [optimizer hints](/optimizer-hints.md), rather than the `CREATE INDEX` statement. The `HYPO_INDEX` hint is dedicated to hypothetical indexes and currently takes effect only in `EXPLAIN` statements. This approach enables lightweight experimentation with indexes without the overhead of physically materializing them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an `EXPLAIN` statement, you can use the `/*+ HYPO_INDEX(...) */` SQL comment syntax to define a hypothetical index for the query planner to consider. This approach enables the Index Advisor to evaluate how the specified index would affect query plans and their estimated costs without physically creating the index.

> **Note:**

>

> The `/*+ HYPO_INDEX(...) */` comment is dedicated to hypothetical indexes and currently takes effect only in `EXPLAIN` statements.
```

> For example, the `/*+ HYPO_INDEX(t, idx_ab, a, b) */` comment instructs the query planner to create a hypothetical index named `idx_ab` on table `t` for columns `a` and `b`. The planner generates the index's metadata but does not physically materialize it. If applicable, the planner considers this hypothetical index during query optimization without incurring the costs associated with index creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the `/*+ HYPO_INDEX(t, idx_ab, a, b) */` optimizer hint instructs the query planner to define a hypothetical index named `idx_ab` on columns `a` and `b` of table `t`. The planner generates the index's metadata but does not physically materialize it. If applicable, the planner considers this hypothetical index during query optimization without incurring the costs associated with index creation.
```

## Hypothetical indexes

In an `EXPLAIN` statement, you can use the `/*+ HYPO_INDEX(...) */` SQL comment syntax to define a hypothetical index for the query planner to consider. This approach enables the Index Advisor to evaluate how the specified index would affect query plans and their estimated costs without physically creating the index.

> **Note:**

>

> > The `/*+ HYPO_INDEX(...) */` comment is dedicated to hypothetical indexes and currently takes effect only in `EXPLAIN` statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
